chore(table): update table tutorial to be more easily understandable (#224)
patternfly/training-scenarios: react-components/table-intro/step3.md

> With the basic table structure and imports in place, next convert the columns definition into an array of objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the basic table structure and imports in place, this step will convert the columns definition into an array of objects.
```

1) <strong>Locate the table columns definition.</strong>

> For example: `const columns = ["First column", "Second column", "Third column"];`

Reviewer: When you say for example, it makes me think that this could be one of many ways that itll look and I think for the purposes of this tutorial we should be specific and clear about what they should look for. So maybe replace with "It should look like this"

2) <strong>Replace each string in the `columns` array with an object representation.</strong>

> For each of the columns, set the object's `title` property to the string value you had previously. For example: `"First column"` becomes `{ title: "First column" }`, etc.

Reviewer: This is way better! Remove "you"

> Apply this transformation to all of the column definitions.

Reviewer: For the line underneath: The table should appear exactly as it did before: add a `<strong>Note: </strong>` before it.
